    Authentication is necessary for situations where limited or selected entries are accepted. In such cases, the products are authenticated as per the amounts to make a count. So, I tried to do the job using barcodes but in a different way. In the conventional level of barcode authentication, we use a barcode reader, which consists of an infrared light source and some necessary components inside a gun-like structure. Nowadays, we can see barcode scanners in robots automating the whole process. Now, what we are trying to do is, make the system work using Python codes. From the data entry process to the end of a transaction, the whole process is automatic in our system. As a barcode scanner, we are using a camera, which we all have on our mobile phones, laptops and as separate webcams. So, there will be no need for extra effort in the process of the fruitful authentication system. We have already done research work on this topic earlier. Now, this is the whole project that we were thinking about
    In older days, authentications were done with bare hands using pen and paper. The process was safe and secure but was a time-consuming one. Now we are blessed with technological authentication processes like RFID and Barcode authentication systems. These processes take less time and are also reliable in terms of authentication. In the conventional way of barcode authentication, we use a barcode scanner which consists of infrared light and some necessary hardware components inside a gun-shaped structure. We wanted to change the process of the scanning or authentication a bit and make the whole process automated using some accessories which are simply available in our daily life. We created 1D and 2D barcodes or QR codes using data from the physical entity. These codes can be read by the camera sensor using Python intelligence.
